so let your plant mr. Guerra how would
you like to buy a bank what the hell do
we know about banking owning a bank is
like only on the other side of the real
estate business there's a few
complexities you just left out like what
oh I'm sorry did I not wake up black
this morning cuz I'm pretty sure I did
yep still black I got my head full of
dreams I came here to try my hand at
real estate
you met a millionaire unit you know the
time nervous I like seeing black men
succeed sometimes they even invest on my
own money to back I know you're smart
and ambitious
you're not both know that's not enough
it's time to someone shine a bright
light in order for things to change are
you starting to buy real estate in white
only neighborhoods B why now
think about all the good we can do for
the community for you taking it to the
main that's exactly what we're gonna do
and just how in the hell do you plan
I'll pull it narrow we get Matt to front
floors you want me to what be us to the
rest of the world
we can't set foot in the bank best way
to help took lemon wheel driver when he
had the chance I don't know anything
about banking I don't know how to buy a
bank we'll teach you everything you need
to know
you gotta learn how to talk to rich
white folks like you one up and you
can't fake a golf game make me proud son
both countries talking about how to
Negro managed by two banks full of white
folks money and loan it of enigmas you
should have known you couldn't keep this
a secret very long FBI you're under
arrest
a black man tries to bring older
brothers up bassant our
oh and you're living on something's got
to give
something's got to give even a rigged
gang is fun to play but now if this was
easy somebody else would have done it a
long time ago
yeah you revolutionary
[Music]